No need for privacy , here is my database 
postgresql://neondb_owner:npg_4Eswfa6SyHgC@ep-ancient-dust-agz33a36.c-2.eu-central-1.aws.neon.tech/neondb?sslmode=require
I said you should search and find all tables for database created, then compare and add and edit 

Also profile picture isn't working and I'm unable to create a post on social feed I can send text message but can't send picture and profile picture or cover photo keeps on getting deleted after upload 
I have a database use it for storage 
What's with replit object storage? I'm not deploying on replit I'm on render 
If I follow it shouldn't just refresh after clicking the person profile and refreshing to have followed 
Online and offline status I dunno if they're actually working 
The views increases whenever you click on the product even same user 
Does it make sense? 

8. ⁠if someone messages or made an order and other things , notifications in a written up message should be sent to both sellers and buyers and sellers can reply via the email too and it reflect on chat message too and also create a .md for this so I know how to go about setting it up maybe a email.md
9. ⁠whenever I add a profile picture whether it’s a product or profile it gets deleted , messages are not saved 
Would be an option to add or disguise a discount by seller the best way and to strike through a price and add a new one 
14. ⁠in social post the plug I want you to improve the look it’s somehow make it sharp and nice improve the UI also 
15. ⁠let seller be able to add many pictures in her profile and edit how it’s arranged so it’s not abnormal 
16. ⁠add more things to add so the profile looks like a standard one and not too empty 
18. ⁠is welcome message sending working? By a account from and for the website which could also be used to post in the plug and automatically followed by users . It follows no one unless I want to , also a email and password for it generated too 
28. ⁠nudity photos or words not allowed, it would be deleted and warning sent by system message to the user if it persist account get banned or suspended immediately

Instead of replit cuz I’m not deploying in reply can’t I use my database for storage in the object storage stuff and it will work

Also how do I login to my admin panel 
Create an md for it 
