Action Required: Continuous Development

Please proceed immediately with the implementation of the attached issues report. Do not stop, skip steps, or ask for credentials.
Check and read all the issues and work on all of them 
All required keys and configurations are already set up and accessible in the environment:

Database: URL  are set.

APIs: Cloudinary, SME Data API, and Groq are all configured.

Your goal is continuous, uninterrupted work on the provided list of features and bugs. Prioritize implementation over setup. Let me know only when a task is completed.


When I click on study materials 
I realized that I can only upload picture but it’s not well structured 
And again let me be able to upload files and videos 
Add preview too in an intelligence way 

When I go to hostel finder I realized it’s asking for email verification, please ensure that if you haven’t been verified yet, it asks for verification old and new members . And for add change email for verification during verification too 

When I click on my ads 
Click on boost listing 
boost
400: {"message":"Invalid input","errors":[{"expected":"'boost' | 'featured'","received":"undefined","code":"invalid_type","path":["type"],"message":"Required"},{"code":"invalid_type","expected":"number","received":"nan","path":["duration"],"message":"Expected number, received nan"},{"code":"invalid_type","expected":"string","received":"undefined","path":["amount"],"message":"Required"}]}


Read this link 

https://g.co/gemini/share/74328dd7dd3b

I've identified two critical issues related to routing and content rendering that need immediate attention, as they are preventing anonymous usage and causing user confusion.
Issue 1: Anonymous Link Access is Broken (Critical Bug)
Problem Description:
The core functionality of the "Secret Messages" link is broken for guests. When I click the "+ New Link" button, the resulting URL is supposed to allow anyone to send an anonymous message. However, when a user who is not logged in opens this link (for example, in an Incognito browser window), they are immediately redirected to the main home page or an account creation/login prompt.
Steps to Reproduce:
1. Log in and navigate to the "Secret Messages" area.
2. Create a new anonymous message link.
3. Log out, or copy the link and paste it into a private/incognito browser tab.
4. Result: Instead of seeing the "Write your anonymous message here..." form, the app forces a redirect to authentication.
Expected Fix:
The routing logic for the component that handles receiving the anonymous message needs to be modified. It is currently guarded by an authentication check that must be removed. This specific route must permit unauthenticated (guest) access so messages can be sent without requiring a login.
Issue 2: VTU Reseller Welcome Message is Displayed on the Wrong Page
Problem Description:
There is a content error where the "VTU Reseller welcome message" is incorrectly showing up on the "Secret Messages" screens. This message is designed for users engaging with the reseller services, not the anonymous messaging feature, and its appearance here is confusing.
Location of the Error:
I've noticed this "VTU Reseller welcome message" appears in the interface after I click to create a new link, or perhaps on the page listing my active links.
Expected Fix:
Please review the conditional rendering for that specific VTU Reseller welcome component or message. It is likely rendering based on a global application state or property that is being set to true on the wrong page. The message should be strictly limited to appear only when a user is interacting with the reseller services or VTU services sections of the application, and must be completely hidden from the anonymous messaging screens.

I’m still getting this error merchant not eligible to work on this end point when I try to withdraw 
And when I visited my VTU its still same thing no new thing, nothing is working at all  can’t find my reseller and I said you should work more on the  api generated by the site itself 
Delete anything related to sme api 

Also is discount correct hope its not that I will loss 
Let the crossed amount be the amount its sold for to customers

Welcome to EKSU Marketplace!
Nigeria's cheapest platform for all your digital services
Data bundles (all networks)
Airtime top-up
Cable TV subscriptions
Electricity bills

This one should be for VTU Data 
Also there should be one for resellers too
Become a Reseller
Start your own VTU business with us
Create your own VTU website
Set your prices, keep profits
Start with just 5,000 naira
Earn from every transaction

I open my open page I saw this 
https://eksu-digital-marketplace.onrender.com


The welcome message there should not be for that 
It should include all services provided by the site