1. Why is the site showing welcome to render?is there a way to solve it 
2. The plug and profile picture still not working check the photos 
3. Set up live payments and not test payments please , it's not all working 
4. When I click back to merchant site I got to not found in .replit.app biggest it 
4. ⁠all categories add more to categories in filters and other sides  , list all of it 
7. ⁠I’m not getting notifications whether someone followed, messaged or added 
8. ⁠if someone messages or made an order and other things , notifications in a written up message should be sent to both sellers and buyers and sellers can reply via the email too and it reflect on chat message too and also create a .md for this so I know how to go about setting it up maybe a email.md
9. ⁠whenever I add a profile picture whether it’s a product or profile it gets deleted , messages are not saved 
10. ⁠Follow button isn’t working too 
11. ⁠if I click on their profile anywhere I see their profile and click it should take me there it either take it to mine or not responsive 
Would be an option to add or disguise a discount by seller the best way and to strike through a price and add a new one 
14. ⁠in social post the plug I want you to improve the look it’s somehow make it sharp and nice improve the UI also 
15. ⁠let seller be able to add many pictures in her profile and edit how it’s arranged so it’s not abnormal 
16. ⁠add more things to add so the profile looks like a standard one and not too empty 
17. ⁠increase number of characters in messages in normal message and comments etc and ability to write as you want , good formatting like normal WhatsApp , add more emojis and let all these things be fast 
18. ⁠is welcome message sending working? By a account from and for the website which could also be used to post in the plug and automatically followed by users . It follows no one unless I want to , also a email and password for it generated too 
28. ⁠nudity photos or words not allowed, it would be deleted and warning sent by system message to the user if it persist account get banned or suspended immediately

Instead of replit cuz I’m not deploying in reply can’t I use my database for storage in the object storage stuff and it will work
Here is my database url no need for privacy use it 
postgresql://neondb_owner:npg_4Eswfa6SyHgC@ep-ancient-dust-agz33a36.c-2.eu-central-1.aws.neon.tech/neondb?sslmode=require
CLOUDINARY_API_KEY, 523318715747195
CLOUDINARY_API_SECRET, 5ADwkAztfcfHaQREf4KrNuZninU
CLOUDINARY_CLOUD_NAME, dlzix4zp9
The account that messages new users isn't set up yet and for those that have joined before coding it it checks and send too 
Send code to email too during verification and it works 