Check the videos I sent to you 
1. I clocked on AI voice stuff it's not working at all but shows it's on and also the voice in chats normal chats in messages not there or working  maybe you remove the voice note in AI if it won't work 
2. The archive button in messages looks fade Not black and clear 
3. 3. When I go to the plug to post, if I type a single this thing my keyboard will come down, it's not making sense also in Media uploads I can't take from gallery check it out I sent a video on this 
4. 4. Failed to create a story check it and when story is posted text etc let it be like WhatsApp own
5. Disappearing msgs should be functional and it should show in chats if someone turns it on 
6. When I click on a customer product, it didn't show location like 2.3km stuff it's not working and location not set yet
7. When I clicked on a product the interface looks big and somehow check the video too 
8. I went to my profile, the "both" switch role is still three and I'm getting failed to update role Remove the both role I only want buy and sell 
9. Also check the vtu stuff please I think the plans are not correct I just checked their website where did you see those prices you want to put me in debt please revise it and I don't know how their reseller stuff is please check well make navigation easy too please
10. Let there be different type of verification, for seller, buyer but for seller is compulsory, for some well known big brands too perhaps they get that from admin panel
11. When I did the /admin stuff, it worked but was redirected to homepage and I already serve my username please for those accounts whose stuff has been set as super admin, let admin dashboard appears in the profile stuff for easy access again my user ID is E461E9F4, hardcode this I'll update more in the var on render when it's time. You'll see in video 
12. Also when action is made it shows on the profile it should disappear itself too not until I try to make it disappear
13. Also for you I dunno if it's a good idea to include hashtag but prioritize recent posts and make sure algorithm works so much well please
14: also we work on community I can't find that stuff around, same as campus updates , same as official bot account made 
15. Also when I add a posts to book marks where do I see it, let the plug has it own settings too for somethings too please The profile place is getting too flooded with pages
16. If you want to go to another page it switch it take long Also work on the games, work on whot, quick draw ,campus bingo, truth or dare, guess the price, typing speed
It's showing coming soon