Continue from where it stopped check image and finish others too 
Check my requests 

1. The profile is so lame 
Even when I go to help centre to very account 
I can’t see verify account or button that works 

2. No display name nothing the profile page doesn’t look unique and modern it’s somehow , I can only edit profile if I choose too not that it shows me edit profile directly 
3. ⁠in seller dashboard, I’m unable to create a product you’ll see error in image 
4. ⁠my ads , in my ads it’s taking me to create new products shouldn’t it hard the ones I already have already and ask if I want to create a new one then after that one would also be in seller dashboard 
5. ⁠when I tried to sign up as a seller I got error too and when I try to scroll I wasn’t able to scroll it’s somehow fixed and the signup page is too long 
6. ⁠there’s no option to switch roles on the site in profile 
7. ⁠continue building the plug, social feed post 
8. ⁠for the games side, trivial and word play game, it can’t be hardcoded maybe it would be generated somewhere or make it computer or search or use ChatGPT chatbot I dunno but it can’t be hardvided 
9. ⁠also work on other games too 
10. ⁠why is it so hard to get 6 on ludo lol, well not asking you to change anything do it the normal way how other normal ludo games are , make it have an option for 2 dice, 3 dice , 1 too also I think there's a programming error when I played the ai was playing it itself 
11. Increase all the game UI, make it realistic and look like normal game, improve the look 
12. Improve the overall site UI too make it modern 

Some things has been completed single them out please don't work on them again once you confirm to avoid wasting the credits  
Also add the ability to edit or write the price you want in filters to be able to edit by writing 
Also in profile 
After saving 
It should show you how it looks like and would look like when people visit your page and create tools for all sort of decorations per the user need 
