When I click on study materials 
I realized that I can only upload picture but it’s not well structured 
And again let me be able to upload files and videos 
Add preview too in an intelligence way 

When I go to hostel finder I realized it’s asking for email verification, please ensure that if you haven’t been verified yet, it asks for verification old and new members . And for add change email for verification during verification too 

When I click on my ads 
Click on boost listing 
boost
400: {"message":"Invalid input","errors":[{"expected":"'boost' | 'featured'","received":"undefined","code":"invalid_type","path":["type"],"message":"Required"},{"code":"invalid_type","expected":"number","received":"nan","path":["duration"],"message":"Expected number, received nan"},{"code":"invalid_type","expected":"string","received":"undefined","path":["amount"],"message":"Required"}]}


Read this link 

https://g.co/gemini/share/74328dd7dd3b

I've identified two critical issues related to routing and content rendering that need immediate attention, as they are preventing anonymous usage and causing user confusion.
Issue 1: Anonymous Link Access is Broken (Critical Bug)
Problem Description:
The core functionality of the "Secret Messages" link is broken for guests. When I click the "+ New Link" button, the resulting URL is supposed to allow anyone to send an anonymous message. However, when a user who is not logged in opens this link (for example, in an Incognito browser window), they are immediately redirected to the main home page or an account creation/login prompt.
Steps to Reproduce:
1. Log in and navigate to the "Secret Messages" area.
2. Create a new anonymous message link.
3. Log out, or copy the link and paste it into a private/incognito browser tab.
4. Result: Instead of seeing the "Write your anonymous message here..." form, the app forces a redirect to authentication.
Expected Fix:
The routing logic for the component that handles receiving the anonymous message needs to be modified. It is currently guarded by an authentication check that must be removed. This specific route must permit unauthenticated (guest) access so messages can be sent without requiring a login.
Issue 2: VTU Reseller Welcome Message is Displayed on the Wrong Page
Problem Description:
There is a content error where the "VTU Reseller welcome message" is incorrectly showing up on the "Secret Messages" screens. This message is designed for users engaging with the reseller services, not the anonymous messaging feature, and its appearance here is confusing.
Location of the Error:
I've noticed this "VTU Reseller welcome message" appears in the interface after I click to create a new link, or perhaps on the page listing my active links.
Expected Fix:
Please review the conditional rendering for that specific VTU Reseller welcome component or message. It is likely rendering based on a global application state or property that is being set to true on the wrong page. The message should be strictly limited to appear only when a user is interacting with the reseller services or VTU services sections of the application, and must be completely hidden from the anonymous messaging screens.