1. In the games section, add more interesting games, there should be a single player game, the stake can be from 100-100k depends on what the person want to input that's if he wants to bet or stake if not doesntbned to stake it depends on the person and there should be a single user game 
User and computer 
And multiplayers
2. Signing up, if you sign up as a buyer or a seller or both how does the interface looks like would it work 
3. If you click become a merchant, it should be in sell when you want to sign up 
4. Welcome or daily login rewards should be very low too, make sure nothing can be hacked or no loop holes or chabging dates etc or hacking with fake payment receipts or verification 
5. Not only fashion or furniture, wigs perfume clothes etc can be sold too edit it the motto , even accounts details and categories too  
6. Help Center
Find answers to common questions or contact our support team for assistance.
Verify Your Account
Get verified for trust badges
Wallet & Payments
Add funds or withdraw money
Report an Issue
Report scams or violations
Technical Help
Fix app or account issues Work on this they're not working 
7. Can I change my role from buyer to seller?
Yes! Go to Profile > Settings and select 'Both' as your role. This allows you to buy and sell items on the marketplace. It's not exactly as it is here 
8.Submit a Support Ticket
Can't find your answer in the FAQ? Submit a ticket and we'll get back to you within 24 hours.
Category no option to add image in messages
9.Referral History
Track all your referred users and their status
All (0)
Pending (0)
Completed (0)
doesnt look properly arranged 
10. How the profile page looks like is somehow 
11. Messages, let it look like real time chat
12. Let there be a blog posts somehow or post to outside and the admin should have a page that looks verified it posts when there's an update it sends it out or when there's changes and every new people is susvribed or follow it automatically tho they could unfollow later . But everyone follows it, it posts and it has the marketplace picture too, just like a celebrity unit, give it a normal name not blog posts something great 
13. ⁠in the bottom navigation and top navigation there’s too much reputation maybe you need to edit and change and add that one in no12 
14. ⁠Does the seller option works 
15. ⁠does the admin side works
16. ⁠make the chatbot more smart, it should know about every sections of the app and when it wants to reply let it stop replying with ** 